With integrity and consistency -- your credits are piling up.
Reach out your hand today to support others who need you.
It is not the outside riches bit the inside ones that produce happiness.
How dark is dark?, How wise is wise?
We can admire all we see, but we can only pick one.
The man who has no imagination has no wings.
To courageously shoulder the responsibility of one's mistake is character.
We can't help everyone. But everyone can help someone.
You discover treasures where others see nothing unusual.
Make all you can, save all you can, give all you can.
Understanding the nature of change, changes the nature.
You will be unusually successful in business.
Your spirit of adventure leads you down an exiting new path.
Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration.
You are the master of every situation.
Be brave enough to live creatively.
Cookies go stake. Fortunes are forever.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Unnecessary possessions are unnecessary burdens.
Ability is not something to be shown off.
If you wish to see the best in others, show the best of yourself.
Your power is in your ability to decide.
Wherever you go, whenever you can, try to leave a gift.
Kind words can be shot and easy to speak, but their echoes are truly endless.
Your ingenuity and imagination will get results.
Age can never hope to with you while your heart is young.
Example is better than perception.
Idleness is the holiday of fools.
Don't be pushed by your problems. Be led by your dreams.
Many receive advice, only the wise profit from it.
You will have good luck and overcome many hardships.
A good way to keep healthy is to eat more Chinese food.
Today's profits are yesterday's good well ripened.
LSDBS - Let Something Good Be Said.
There is in the worst of fortunes the best change of a happy ending.
Service to many leads to greatness.
Desire, like the atom, is explosive with creative force.
I think and that is all that I am.
Judge each day not by the harvest you reap but by the seeds you plant.
Yesterday was a dare to struggle. Today is a dare to win.
Make everyday your best. You will improve yourself greatly.
You must be willing to act today in order to succeed.
Venture not all in one boat.
Suppressing a moment of anger may save a day of sorrow.
Never be less than your dreams.
The good times start when I count to 3: 1... 2... 3.
An inch of time is an inch of gold.
If you chase two rabbits both will escape.
You will soon be surrounded by good friends and laughter.
Haste does not bring success.